OSDOCS-4047 and OSDOCS-3861: Operator workloads and PSA compliance (#57078)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/osdk-managing-psa-for-operators-with-escalated-permissions.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operators/operator_sdk/osdk-complying-with-psa.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="osdk-managing-psa-for-operators-with-escalated-permissions.adoc_{context}"]
= Managing pod security admission for Operator workloads that require escalated permissions

If your Operator project requires escalated permissions to run, you must edit your Operator's cluster service version (CSV) similar to the following examples.

.Procedure

. Set the security context configuration to the required permission level in your Operator's CSV, similar to the following example:
+
.Example `<operator_name>.clusterserviceversion.yaml` file with network administrator privileges
[source,yaml]
----
containers:
   - name: my-container
     securityContext:
       allowPrivilegeEscalation: false
       capabilities:
         add:
           - "NET_ADMIN"
----

. Set the service account privileges that allow your Operator's workloads to use the required security context constraints (SCC), similar to the following example:
+
.Example `<operator_name>.clusterserviceversion.yaml` file
[source,yaml]
----

>  install:

Reviewer: This line is indented one space, is that intentional or can it be shifted left? (might need to check the rest as well)

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operators/operator_sdk/osdk-complying-with-psa.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="osdk-managing-psa-for-operators-with-escalated-permissions.adoc_{context}"]
= Managing pod security admission for Operator workloads that require escalated permissions

> If your Operator project requires escalated permissions to run, you must edit your Operator's cluster service version (CSV) similar to the following examples.

Reviewer 2: >  similar to the following examples

Do you need this here, as the phrase appears right before the actual examples?

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operators/operator_sdk/osdk-complying-with-psa.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="osdk-managing-psa-for-operators-with-escalated-permissions.adoc_{context}"]
= Managing pod security admission for Operator workloads that require escalated permissions

If your Operator project requires escalated permissions to run, you cannot rely on pod security admission synchronization to label your Operator's namespaces. You must set your Operator's namespace label with the appropriate pod security level.

[IMPORTANT]
====
If you do not set your Operator's namespace label, you must include namespace labelling as part of your Operator's manual installation instructions.
====

.Procedure

> . Set the security context constraint (SCC) to the required permission level as shown in the following example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Set the security context configuration to the required permission level as shown in the following example:
```

SCC is indeed security context constraints, but that's the rules for the cluster.  Pods/containers configure what we've been calling their "security context configuration" (the configuration for their security context, which will then be compared against the available security context constraints, to see if the pod can be allowed, or under which SCC it is allowed)

Author: Addressed in dee0dc7

+
.Example SCC with network administrator privileges
[source,yaml]
----
containers:
   - name: my-container
     securityContext:
       allowPrivilegeEscalation: false
       capabilities:
         add:
           - "NET_ADMIN"
----

> . Set the service account privileges to use the SCCs it needs to run your Operator's workloads as shown in the following example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Set the service account privileges allow it to use the SCCs it needs to run your Operator's workloads as shown in the following example:
```

Author: Addressed in dee0dc7

+
[source,yaml]
----

>  install:

Reviewer 3: should make it clear these edits are done in the operator's clusterserviceversion yaml

Author: Addressed in dee0dc7

    spec:
      clusterPermissions:
      - rules:
        - apiGroups:
          - security.openshift.io
          resourceNames:
          - privileged
          resources:
          - securitycontextconstraints
          verbs:
          - use
        serviceAccountName: default
----

> . Set your Operator's namespace label as shown in the following example:

Reviewer 3: if the SA has permissions to use the necessarily SCC, then this step of explicitly labeling the NS is not necessary because the autosyncer will label the NS appropriately.

Author: Addressed in 793a6c8

[id="osdk-managing-psa-for-operators-with-escalated-permissions.adoc_{context}"]
= Managing pod security admission for Operator workloads that require escalated permissions

> If your Operator project requires escalated permissions to run, you cannot rely on pod security admission synchronization to label your Operator's namespaces. You must set your Operator's namespace label with the appropriate pod security level in your Operators custer service version (CSV).

Reviewer 3: hm.  This isn't right.

1) you can still rely on PSA label syncing.  Your operator pod is presumably running with a service account that has appropriate SCC permissions(escalated or otherwise). That in turn means the NS should get appropriate PSA labels synced.  The docs below cover the part about granting the SCC permissions, so the documented workflow is ok.

2) if you do need to label the NS manually, you can't specify that in the CSV.  Really the only solution at that point is the admin needs to do it manually (potentially as part of creating the NS for the operator installation).  But labelsyncing should cover most situations.

Author: Addressed in 6946ad6. I made the abstract a bit more generic and removed the admonition on namespace labelling since it didn't seem to fit here. Does that seem right to you?
